1. Design Critique
        The design of the model was quite well done. It was pretty clear what each interface's role
    was, which helped with making adapters that would take in their interfaces and value classes.
    Our model was structured very similarly to theirs as well. However, the IUser design was not
    very flexible. Our understanding was that each name was inherently unique, so we didn't really
    think it was necessary to have a user id as well as a name.
        The design of the view was tightly coupled with the model, which made reimplementation
    difficult. Some of the methods that should've been delegated to the controller were in the view.
    For example, the add calendar and save calendar functionalities were entirely inside the view.
    There were no methods in the controller interface to address them. We also had to launch the
    program using the view, when the controller should've had a launch method like createGame().

2. Implementation Critique
    Their implementation seemed to be good. We felt like the interfaces could have more methods as
    sometimes it was hard to get certain aspects from the interfaces with the given methods. In
    their view implementation, the constructors did a lot of the setting button functionality, and
    it directly made calls to change the model. Other than that, their interfaces included the most
    necessary methods and their view functionality looked like it would work well, given the correct
    model. Overall, it was a good implementation and the only thing we would change was uncoupling
    the view so that if someone were to reuse the code again, they wouldn’t need to manually edit
    anything in the view!

3. Documentation Critique
    The documentation in the view was good. It was easy to follow, which made it easy to tell what
    each class' purpose was. We were able to figure out how they implemented their view quite
    quickly. The model's documentation was good, but it could've been improved in some small ways.
    It was a little difficult to tell how the system was designed, for example, how it kept track
    of users and schedules, so when we implemented it to fit our code some parts of their design
    were left out, such as the IUser interface.

4. Design/code limitations & Suggestions on how to address them
    Having an IUser class might leave some room for error, since it means there's a lot more to
    keep track of (user ids and names). Since we were told to assume that names were unique, perhaps
    for this assignment, it would be better to make the design of a user more flexible.
    We also suggest taking out some of the controller related methods in the view and making sure
    the controller handles it instead.
